today i'm going to explain a crime film
called drive
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
a man donning a silk white jacket stands
in the dark
a large embroidery of a golden scorpion
streaks across the back of his jacket
the man is a hollywood stunt driver and
he moonlights as a getaway driver for
criminals over the phone the driver
starts going over his terms with a
client he gives them five minutes to
complete a robbery if anything goes
wrong before or after those five minutes
then the driver will leave and they'll
be on their own he hangs up and leaves
his cell phone in his hotel room
he gets ready and picks up a car from
his friend shannon who runs an auto shop
he goes to meet his clients by a gate
then sets his watch to five minutes
there are two men clad in balaclavas and
they proceed to go in to steal the money
as the driver turns the police radio on
while simultaneously listening to a live
basketball game on another radio one of
the robbers hauls a bag of money with
him as he gets in the driver's car while
the second robber is lagging behind
the police have already been notified of
the gunshots and are on the way to their
location the clock is ticking the
driver's five minutes are almost up
finally the second man comes in and the
driver jets off a police car passes in
the distance so the driver parks the car
and turns off the lights both robbers
take off their masks then let out a
nervous breath
the driver waits he lets the cop car
pass before finally proceeding
they drive on and start following behind
the police car after a while they turn
to another road leaving the cop car
behind
on their way they encounter a helicopter
hovering above with a searchlight
shining down
the driver speeds the car up and makes
an abrupt stop underneath an overpass to
hide and shake the helicopter loose
after the copter leaves they continue it
almost seems like they're in the clear
right until they come face to face with
a cop car on the other end of a
stoplight they hear the cops on the
police radio eyeing them
the tension in the air grows thick but
the driver keeps his cool and thinks
over which move to make he eventually
decides to foot it and they zoom past
the cop car prompting the cops to give
chase a pursuit ensues and the cops try
to catch up but the driver outmaneuvers
them giving him a huge lead
just out of the cops vision the driver
rushes into the basketball arena to park
there just as a huge crowd of fans fills
up the area the driver leaves the car
takes off his jacket dons a sports cap
and casually walks away confused and
disoriented the police struggle to
search the place because of the immense
crowd leaving them effectively thrown
off
the driver goes returns to his apartment
building in the elevator he meets a
young and beautiful woman holding a
laundry basket they watch each other in
silence before walking to their
apartment doors which turn out to be
just next to each other's in the hallway
the following morning the driver goes to
his day job as a stunt driver
he wears a police uniform and the film
crew takes a shot of him doubling over a
car and rolling over later he gets off
work and goes to the supermarket where
he encounters his neighbor again but
this time she's with her young son
after they finish shopping they go to
the supermarkets parking lot in there
the driver notices that the woman's car
broke down and he decides to help
later the driver the young woman and the
son are in the elevator to their
apartment
the little boy stares at the driver with
an inquisitive look on his face to which
the driver smiles while the young mother
watches them the driver helps them out
with the grocery bags in their apartment
and they get acquainted with one another
eventually the driver and the woman
irene take a liking to each other at a
place called nino's pizzeria shannon and
a man named ross meet to discuss a
possible loan for a race car shannon
tells ross about how skilled the driver
is and that ross should invest money in
his ability just then the owner of the
restaurant comes in
ross tells shannon he'll think about his
offer on the condition that he meets the
driver first
the following day shannon takes the
driver with him to meet ross the driver
makes laps around a racetrack while ross
watches impressed
with newfound belief in the driver skill
ross gives shannon both the loan and 70
of their earnings from the circuit
ross introduces himself to the driver
and offers his hand to shake but the
driver doesn't look up it almost appears
like he's disrespecting ross
he calmly removes his gloves and the
driver seems to think that ross is a
dignified man he hesitates to shake his
hand and tells him that his hands are
dirty ross simply tells him that so are
his alluding to both of their
involvement and criminal acts at the
auto shop the driver is working on car
repairs
just then irene and her son benicio come
up and talk with shannon about their
broken down car benicio hangs around
with the driver while he's working and
shannon suggests that the driver should
take irene and her son home
the three of them ride on in the late
afternoon sun with irene in the
passenger seat in venicio at the back it
was quiet in the car but the driver and
irene both seem to be happy just sitting
there next to each other
the driver then asks irvine if she
wanted to go see something before they
go home to which irene said yes to
with her blessing the driver takes the
two of them to see a small lake they
play around together and sit by the lake
covered in the yellows and oranges of
the afternoon sun
back at the apartment the driver carries
benicio to his bed
once left alone in their living room the
driver and irene thank each other for
the wonderful day they shared
finally the driver bit the bullet and
asks irene on a date over the weekend
and irene says yes
from then on the driver spends more time
with both her and benicio
at shannon's auto shop nino and ross
come over to discuss the race with the
driver and shannon ross feels excited
about the new venture and tells the
driver they've got a lot of money
invested in his skills
later that night the driver and irene go
on a date again
irene tells the driver that she received
a message saying that her husband is
coming back from prison in a week irene
throws a party for her husband when he
gets home while the driver begins to
feel bothered about not being able to
see irene and benicio as much anymore at
the party irene's husband standard makes
a speech about his release from prison
his words are filled with both regrets
about his past actions and gratitude for
the second chance he's been given
during the party the driver comes out of
his apartment door and sees irene
sitting down on the hallway floor by
herself
just then standard and benicio come out
to talk with the driver and the tension
between the two men builds up
standard stares the driver down while
pretending to be courteous before
eventually going
the driver says goodbye to irene and
leaves he stops at a diner to eat when a
former client approaches him he offers
the driver another job but with his sour
mood he lashes out at the man making him
leave at the apartment parking lot the
driver encounters two shifty looking
guys on his way to the elevator he spots
standard bloody and beaten to a pulp in
a corner while benicio isn't hiding the
driver wasted no time in helping him
back to the apartment
standard explains that he refused to do
a job that a guy wanted him to do
leading to two men beating him up
it turns out that he owes them
protection money from when he was in
prison
irene later invites the driver for
dinner with her family
while eating standard recounts the story
of how he and irene first met after
spending some time with them and hearing
the story the driver starts feeling more
comfortable around standard even warming
up to him standard in turn considers him
a friend now
the driver decides to help standard
clear his debt by accepting the job
standard mentioned earlier the two of
them meet with a red-headed woman named
blanche and the man who standard owes
cook
as per cook's instruction
the driver standard and blanche proceed
to rob a pawn shop
the driver winds his watch to five
minutes and waits in his car for
standard and blaunch
just then a suspicious car drives by
next to him at the empty parking lot
launch comes out of the store and into
the car
the two of them wait for standard who's
still inside the shop
standard appears from the pawn shop door
and approaches the car
before anyone knew it standard gets shot
by the store owner in the neck and on
his torso three times with how messy the
situation is getting the driver escapes
with blanche the car next to them gives
chase and a second car appears to join
the pursuit the two pursuers try to get
close but the driver outmaneuvers them
both and succeeds in causing the two
cars to crash later on the driver takes
blanche to a hotel room then
interrogates her about the second car
that appeared
she confesses that cook meant for this
to happen but she didn't know about
anyone getting killed
a few seconds later three men shoot up
their hotel room blanche gets shot in
the head but the driver reacts quickly
to the attackers then manages to kill
them he asks shannon for help to get his
wounds patched up now in possession of a
large sum of money the driver
understands that he'll be hunted down by
whoever it really belongs to
the driver eventually tracks down cook
in a strip club
furious about standard's death he
assaults cook with a hammer and breaks
his fingers
he forces him to fess up about whose
money he helped robin cook gives in he
calls nino revealing that he's the one
who owns the money then gives the phone
to the driver he tells nino to meet him
somewhere so he can give his money back
in turn the driver wants him to leave
him alone back at the apartment the
driver visits irene to tell her
everything that happened with standard
and the money
he asks if she wants to take the money
so the three of them can run away
together just then the elevator door
opens with a man inside the driver and
irene make their way to the elevator but
when he senses that they're in danger
the driver pulls irene back he kisses
her before attacking the man which
results in his death irene moves out of
the elevator leaving the driver alone
now irene has fully realized just what
kind of man the driver is the driver
meets up with shannon he had no clue how
they knew where he lived
shannon explains that he talked to ross
and told him that the driver isn't
interested in the money and that he just
did it for irene the driver is livid now
that irene's put in clear danger the
driver tells shannon to leave town and
never come back for his own safety
elsewhere cook nino and ross discuss the
situation
ross tells nino he should have taken the
money instead of escalating the conflict
with the driver
suddenly ross murders cook with a
kitchen knife as he's a liability who
can tie nino to the robbery
nina then plans to go for the driver and
shannon next
ross drops by shannon shop ready to
execute his plan
he talks about how disappointed he is
with the situation but insists that his
hands are tied he has no choice since
he'll be the one who'll get in trouble
if he doesn't set things straight after
ross shakes shannon's hand he slits his
wrist in one fluid motion to give his
old friend a merciful death
meanwhile the driver has gone and stolen
a rubber mask from the movie set where
he works
he puts it on to hide his identity
the driver tracks down nino in his
restaurant and waits as nino leaves with
his car the driver stalks him until they
reach a deserted road the moment the
opportunity arose the driver crashes his
car into nino's causing it to wind
around near a cliff edge the driver
positions himself and rams into the car
effectively sending it flying down the
cliff
when the driver sees nino walking out of
his vehicle he follows him near the
shore nino tries to escape but with the
sea behind him there is nowhere else for
nino to go
with no one to save him nino is taken by
the driver and he drowns him in the
waters
later on ross calls the driver and
offers to meet with him he offers a
proposition the driver gives him the
money and ross won't pursue irene
the driver calls irene before meeting
ross
he tells her that being around her was
the best thing that ever happened to him
when they meet ross reiterates that if
he can get the money back then he won't
harm the girl
he can't however promise him the same
courtesy since he's already caused a lot
of harm
ross warns him that he'll be hunted down
for the rest of his life after arriving
at the parking lot the two make their
way to the trunk of the car the driver
pulls out the bag of money and just as
he turns around ross stabs him right in
the stomach
this doesn't deter the driver and he
manages to pull ross closer to stab him
in his chest
the driver manages to survive the ordeal
but ross dies his lifeless body right
next to the open bag of cash
with irene and benicio safe the driver
rides on into the night leaving
everything behind
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching